mf just doesnt want to fix the scene 1 at this point. either its trolling me or  there is another problem which is preventing to improve the scene 1. then there is a annoying pause after the scene 2. completely disturbing. and the alarm background idea is a good idea but bad execution. the window doesnt even look realistic like the metro one. there is no outside object nothing. the red clock text is still not gone. the pause after the metro should truly gone. more precisely there should not be any blank pause screen in the entire project cuz its ruins the ux. and mf why the wheels are rotaing around themselves like that? there is literally a whole ass 4-5 sec blank screen after the gift scene. and i told that the golden texts were annoying, nga just brightened it more to ragebait me. and the viewport is misaligning at some places like previous do not press button page. like in panic page after shaking, in kitkat broke page after the kitkat broke.
Bro, I finally think we’ve found why Antigravity keeps “fixing” things without actually fixing the experience. It isn't trolling you. The code is full of animation choices that technically satisfy the prompt but are fundamentally wrong for the experience you're trying to create.

For Scene 01, there actually is cloud animation in the CSS, but the clouds take 26–48 seconds to cross the scene, while Scene 01 itself only lasts a few seconds. Their opacity is also low. So technically “animated”, visually basically static. 😭

And the clock literally contains dead waits:

4:27 → 0.45s wait → 4:28 → 0.45s wait → 4:29 → 0.45s wait → 4:30 → 0.35s wait → Finally

So your complaint about the annoying pauses is absolutely reflected in the actual code.

Even worse, Scene 02 has:

setTimeout(() => {
    this.manager.next();
    resolve();
}, 2200);

after its timeline completes.

That's a literal 2.2-second dead pause between Scene 2 and Scene 3.

There are more like this throughout the project. Scene 06 has a 1.5-second empty hold. Scene 07 has a 1.2-second hold. Scene 11 contains multiple intentional 1.4–1.6 second reading holds. Scene 15 has a pile of them. So the “PowerPoint pacing” you're feeling isn't imaginary. The code is literally constructing it.

The vehicle problem is similar. Scene 08 currently does:

vehicle exists
+
background moves
+
wheel rotates

but the vehicle's wheel rotation and vehicle movement aren't being treated as a proper physical system. That's why you get those ridiculous wheel visuals instead of:

vehicle travels → wheels rotate in place.

And the market is another case of “technically implemented, cinematically wrong.” It does translate the shops, but the shops themselves are semi-transparent cards sitting against a very dark environment. So you see something moving, but you don't experience travelling through a market.

There is also still old visual contamination. For example, Scene 07 literally starts with:

background: radial-gradient(
  circle at 50% 40%,
  #1e1b4b,
  #0f172a,
  #020617
);

That's exactly the purple-dark language you told it to remove.

So I wouldn't send Antigravity another giant “make it cinematic” prompt.

The next prompt needs one brutal rule:

Stop measuring success by whether an animation exists in the code. Measure success by whether the user can actually perceive the intended motion and experience continuous cinematic flow.

And we should make it run a global timing audit and eliminate every unintentional blank/dead interval across all 17 scenes, rather than fixing one pause at a time.

For Scene 01 specifically, the instruction should be:

4:27 → 4:28 → 4:29 → 4:30 in a compact, fluid sequence, while clearly visible clouds continuously drift across the sky. No invisible waits. No cursor. Finally appears immediately afterward.

For Scene 03:

large window → actual outside world → clouds moving → sun physically rising → dawn turning into day → 5:30/5:45/6:00 alarms → full daylight.

For Scene 08:

real bus/auto → real wheels rotating around fixed hubs → vehicle body moving → road perspective → scenery passing → city becoming village.

For Scene 11:

actual travelling market camera → shops enter frame → pass camera → leave frame → next shop appears → KitKat reveal gets uninterrupted visual breathing room → research comes later.

And globally:

NO BLANK SCENE BETWEEN SCENES.

A transition can fade, cross-dissolve, or visually hand off to the next environment, but the screen should never sit there doing nothing for 2–5 seconds.

This is now a timing + perception + scene-lifecycle problem, not a creativity problem.

And honestly, I think this is the prompt we should make next, because we've now identified enough actual code-level causes that there's no reason to let Antigravity guess anymore.
